Refresh synthetics when user settings change (#2246)
scalameta/metals: docs/editors/overview.md

function but they improve the user experience. To learn more about Metals
extensions, see [integrating a new editor](../integrations/new-editor.md).

## Implicit decorations 

> **✅**: Additional information inferred from the code can be show within the code using additional virtual text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**✅**: Additional information inferred from the code can be show within the code using virtual text.
```
Super nitpicky, I think we can just remove the additional here.

Author: Fixed!

> **Shown in hover**: Additional information inferred from the code can be show when hovering over a specific line. That hover only shows the current line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Shown in hover**: Additional information inferred from the code can be show when hovering over a symbol. That hover only shows information for the current line the symbol is one.
```
Not sure if you can actually just hover anywhere on the in other letters to trigger this or if it actually has to be on something. 🤔 take it or leave it.

Author: This is anywhere on the line, since it seemed natural as we show the whole line. I will leave it with `line`

Reviewer: 👍
